#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via uvicorn
bounded-pool-executor==0.0.3
    # via pqdm
certifi==2022.5.18.1
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
fastapi==0.68.2
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
h11==0.13.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.7.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.3
    # via requests
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
nltk==3.7
    # via sentence-transformers
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pillow==9.1.1
    # via torchvision
pqdm==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg[binary]==3.0.14
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-binary==3.0.14
    # via psycopg
pydantic==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2022.4.24
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.1.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via sentence-transformers
starlette==0.14.2
    # via fastapi
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.12.1
    # via transformers
torch==1.11.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.12.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pqdm
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.19.2
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pqdm
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
